hey this is shadow today I'm gonna show
you how to hack Titan what you're
gonna need is something called game
killer and the game game slot and I
recommend you use something called Titan
Backup Pro you can actually download
from the Play Store first of all I
recommend you go in and back up
Tizen slots if you have it already
listen just go give it a head so let's
give it a try
first you have to activate the game
killer you can see up in the corner have
like a small key that means it activated
so next I'm kind of open Titans lock
as you can see I have actually plenty of
games and kinds that means I've actually
already done this hack so but let me
show you how we do it first of all
you're going to that's just actually the
game yeah you're gonna press that key up
in the corner and you're gonna choose
your game by clicking on this simple
this Titan slot and you will actually
enter the amount you have in kinds of
the corner so I'm gonna press that in
now
and this should be the right amount
above the corner click on search also
identify and it found three options and
that's fine so we're gonna take this
away again here and you can spin one
time
and now we go back to the key menu up
here and we're gonna put in the new
amount we have in coins
are we gonna search you again I'd be now
have two options so let's see let's just
try one more spin so we get it correct
you can continue doing this too you get
the quite amount - you only get one
strike and you can actually try it -
just enter the key if you accept I only
have two choices and example last time I
have two choices on my gems so when I
spend my gems is always gonna stay on
ten thousands that were actually lucky
hits but there let's try again here
searching yeah you have to update again
I think because because right one
it's the ID 628 and we're gonna modify
that and set that to modify and lock and
you're gonna enter the amount here and
we just gonna press oh look at my
counter out there it's been changed and
I should actually be an extra number out
there
that's what how you can modify your game
the same you can do with you prove the
coins you can see here
the same I've done here for this wheel
didn't get your bonuses and you see yeah
I'm gonna spin by spins and I'm gonna
take further spins for 500 gems yes bye
Spencer
so yeah
you've see now I have 8000 games left so
we're gonna look for shifted options
Titan slots press them out
8,000 search outside into fire now you
have a lot of news now so we go to the
next one so we're gonna buy some more
I'm gonna try again 7820 thanks rygan
and I know this one is called 610 the
finger was the one who changed last time
it's gonna start on that so here we
gonna modify it again and block and we
gonna change that to 17,000 boom done
you look at my gems now I'm gonna buy
some more spares if we're gonna see if
they're gonna like this again no yeah
you see it's gone up stayin 7820 and I'm
just buying all those pins I want well
guys I'd ever seen for me for this time
and how you hacked sites and slots enjoy
and subscribe if you like have fun guys